Beautiful.
This was nice and easy.
And our next section is going to be about section within the about section.
There's gonna be two column layout one side.
There's gonna be a picture and then there's gonna be some text about it.
Now again we're gonna be floating.
So as we're seeing right now this will be a small screen layout but then the moment we're gonna get
to I believe 768 or something like that then we're gonna have two column layout within the section there
is gonna be some global already classes that are all gonna be reusing later on like the title of the
actual sections as well as there's gonna be the main container.
Well I was we're gonna get that as well as this is the first time we're gonna reuse something we already
created before.
Which is gonna be the modern remember as we were working with the header we created main button one
button.
So this is the time where we can actually start using something that we already created before.
As always our journey is gonna start in the indexation amount.
I think I can get rid of the hello world because now we fixed it then we're gonna be looking for the
about section about and we can copy and paste it and say I'm going to select a line and I'm gonna say
that this is gonna be about so end of about and about what is gonna be within the about section first
we're gonna start with a section element with the class of about as well as I would like to create the
class of Section center that will going to layer on reuse some would say div or I can just on method
div can just say section center as we can always also add the right away clear fix.
Remember we already know that if we're going to be floating we might as well add this clear fix right
away since there's no point of me first to allowing this and then showing you that there's gonna be
issue we already have covered it now with image is gonna be a little bit interesting because what we're
gonna do is we know that we're gonna be placing an image here.
However since I would like to do the scaling as you can see right now we're zooming in and we're going
to do that.
My scaling I do want to add the parent container and you'll see why.
But for now I'm just gonna say that within this div the section centre there will gonna be a about image
article.
So article with the class of let's say about image about or you know just images gonna be fine.
So we need the article element with a class of about image my poems and you know what.
Right away.
Let me had the comments and let's say first column and then we're going to be looking for the second
one.
So we might as well here copy and paste these two lines.
And that's not how we're gonna be copying pasting we just say that these two lines are gonna be copied
and here we're gonna be working with the second column.
Now the second column is gonna have the class of about eight.
So first column second column is gonna have the class of about and I don't know why I didn't delete
that but about info.
Those are gonna be our two columns now within the first column.
Like I said I would like to have the image our not only the image I would like to have the David it's
gonna be the parent container and for this we're gonna have the David a class of about Picture Picture
container and within this container we're gonna have our image now for the images we know that we're
gonna be looking for the source so we can forward slash for images and we have conveniently enough about
image as well as let's say cattle to cattle.
It's gonna be our alternative and let's add a class here and then this is just gonna be for styling
purposes about picture a picture.
Now what's happening here.
Picture then we should see the massive image and we'll fix this.
Don't worry.
We do need to go to to assess to fix that but for now I think we can live with that that is gonna be
our first car.
What's happening with the second column we're going to have to place the text.
Ah here we're gonna say first of all there's gonna be comments for something and then we're gonna reuse
later on and that is gonna be section title now where we're gonna use this.
Well you see that we're using it here we're using it here and yeah I think that's about it.
But if you would want more sections I was like you can just reuse this title and I'm gonna copy and
paste it in right away again I'm going to sand off.
So this is where it ends and we're gonna write some kind of div now within a day of there's gonna be
two things.
First I was gonna be hitting three with a class of section section subtitle subtitle and then here we're
gonna write at this time we're gonna write about our.
But obviously as we're gonna be reusing this then there's gonna be different values on the second one
is not gonna be I'm sorry it's not gonna be hitting three.
We're gonna write heading to and here we're gonna go for class of section title now within the section
title that's right the station that's gonna be from now my title.
So this is just for this section.
Like I said already before we're gonna be reusing it for different sections what else we have.
Well this would be our title.
So right after the comments we were gonna write that there's gonna be two paragraphs plus our button.
So here let's write maybe paragraph then the paragraph is gonna have class of about text and let's place
I don't know 10 words here.
Let's say Laura um 10 and that's gonna be my paragraph and what I would like to do right now is just
grab these values and create two paragraphs because again if we save it we see that there's gonna be
one paragraph and the second one.
Now finally we can reuse our button.
So for this let's make a link now.
This link is for now.
Again I'm gonna go to about the email which does not exist at the moment.
However if we're going to add a nice class of main button and we're gonna write some text here let's
say learn more.
Check this out.
Notice what we're having easy enough.
We're having our button.
So this is the nice feature where we can start reusing this and we don't have to retype the CSX over
and over and over again as we're working with different sections.